
Notes from Parker

How many user is the system expected to handle?
That I'm unsure of, Right just a test envirmement. We would prob like a system that could handle any level of growth.

We are expecting it to be an app.

Would we be primarily develpong an android app?
Bob is a fan of apple, he could provide some recourses.
Guess that Bob would prob prefer apple.

Should it be cross platform?
you prob dont have the time, but most likely not.

What kind of user data would we be collecting and how might it be involved with user.
For the most part database oriented. prob from mult databases we don't control.
I would gues the user itself will create an account.
Idea is to centralize all the information for user.

Would we be storing Credit Card info.
Preferabbly not, only on the side of the membership side

How can we measure the success of our app.
He has some plans to look at the hardware ivolved with this.
A successful project would be able to grab the information from different services and provide it to the user in the best way
As long as its quick but that should be farily easy.

Not a complete list of what should be implemented.
Generally expected to implement Fords system.

When the user is looking for a charger, should we give them more freedom to find outside charger.
Priority is to find ones close to them, but don't see a problem.

Preferably you guys don't have to spend any money.
prob the most likely case is find a free option or here you go.

Will the user be required to have an account.
Preferably the user would need to log in atleast once.
Account would thearetically store user data on their car.

What would make this stand out.
The main selling point would be the all in one charging locator.

What  do you guys know of electric cars
Bob owns and has experience working with and on electric cars industry.

Looked as a prtotype of a product rather than a comercial product.

What kind of documentation would be provided to the user.
First time log in and account creation.
Definetly a help area/button.

